cdl: Mention that propagated annotations can't be extended via `...` (#580)
cap-js/docs: cds/cdl.md

];
```

::: tip

> Only direct annotations, not propagated ones, can be extended using `...`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only direct annotations can be extended using `...`. It's not supported to extend propagated annotations, for example, from aspects or associations.
```

Author: ```suggestion
Only direct annotations can be extended using `...`. It's not supported to extend propagated annotations, for example, from aspects or types.
```

Thanks. I'd go for "type" here. :)
